I say you were okay about how much I
gotta spend let me know girl I - I never
work the pole girl all this money sweat
I'm gonna let it go miss miss okay
good luck you'll do what I say cuz I'll
have fry wise up love I am
let's go let's go let's go
my niggas really gonna kill shit papa
born with screwdrivers really drill shit
my niggas really in the fish
y'all niggas food I got my spoon use a
male bitch
my niggas really on that kill shit
poppin wish me drivers really jail shit
my niggas really in the film bitch my
niggaz food I got my spoon use a male
bitch
I know these niggas hatin just was so my
place on my eyes up and I'll never blame
these niggas pussy straight estrogen I'm
working hard like a Mexican this phone
with that I'm flexing ain't got a magnum
in it for protection my dick had up in a
second still kid said I'm bitch oh Pizza
tapingo Johnson flakes there Lonnie sure
got the candy no you wanna take a big
fat bitch a headshot this footwork got
my tippy-toes big big gun take your
limbs off nigga Marty you owe your
casket cuz your nigga slip in there
traffic but you find it lighter nigga
have it my young boys fingers
Christmastime big picture is that you
wrap this Dutch rule for you actors suck
my dick you fake-ass know that you to
kill the lion Mufasa
only real shit possible but backside his
construction I'll be hearing now lay
touch it pressure like no fuck shit fuck
masturbates they'll crush it from the
start wait
nigga you already know that everybody
talking like they gon kill shit house
nigga you was never in the film bitch
Mirage rappers is it really real bitch
cuz my niggas starving and you lookin
like a man's bitch my niggas really
young I can't shit papa born on wispy
drivers really drill shit my nigga
Swilley in the fish
y'all niggas food I got my spoon use a
male bitch
my niggas really on that kill shit on
whiskey drivers really drill shit my
niggas really in the field bitch
I got my spoon use a milk shake it's on
that kill Shannon open there know your
game pill we smoking on that girl one
finger pointing your get killed I'm
saying why niggas be really in the feel
I'm closer not money you know what I'm
slipping - I overthought my niggas or no
video for Montreux for the studio and I
thought the friends off in a brother man
pack right now we're busy man got hand
load for the rubber bench my hotel we
come on baby well I know go to the money
then we sell enough teeth in the end why
y'all talking about nigga to be honest
though that my niggas ready to blow him
before the go I'm sure know for for
dance and I'm running loving Oh mister
I'm running up an Ole Miss and family
get stalker be snitching in the
beginning my niggas why don't we get it
my niggas really I can't shit no must be
drivers get killed shit my niggas really
in the field bitch y'all niggas field I
got my spoon use a male bitch my niggas
really on that kill switch popcorn wish
me drivers really dress shit my niggas
really in the film
y'all niggas food I got my spot these go
hey I'm gonna run of his face everything
shit died nigga better pray he look at
all right straighten his face I'll put
an egg in this place
Gladwell gates my nigga I'll play the
chopping a few my forgot my spray Helene
now pray stay put on your hearing any
garbage would say steady in the feel
don't get your eyes you gonna peel my
knees gonna kill you that well I'd see
you looking at Scott - man in jail I try
Congrats you get the hurt my fuck I'm
just a silly little fuckwit play cuz I
grew up in the seat put it nigga and
succeed
babies nobody won't be just go black by
this little creep stripping your hair
out striving in the motherfuckin car in
these counts whom I was in the job I'm a
star boy I crime boy these niggas noise
out my boy I'll take the business in
mind these niggas bit became Rob's doing
city posted a nigga so free get into the
pencil my niggas gonna eat we've been to
see my niggas really on I kill shit Papa
burning wood screwdrivers really drill
shit my niggas really in the field bitch
y'all niggas food I got my spoon use a
male bitch
my niggas really on that kill shit Papa
burning wispy drivers really gel shit my
niggas really in the field bitch now
niggas food I got my small use a male
bitch